Accessors for `compileOnly` plugin dependencies in precompiled Kotlin scripts (#34218)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

assert(bar.getAttribute(shape) == "square") // `shape` remains the same
```

#### Accessors for `compileOnly` plugin dependencies in precompiled Kotlin scripts

Previously, it was not possible to use a plugin coming from a `compileOnly` dependency in a [precompiled Kotlin script](userguide/implementing_gradle_plugins_precompiled.html).

> Now, one can and [type-safe accessors](userguide/kotlin_dsl.html#type-safe-accessors) for model elements contributed by the plugin are available in the precompiled Kotlin scripts.

Reviewer: 💄 Consider rephrasing the sentence to something more lightweight? 

```suggestion
Now it is supported, and [​type-safe accessors​]​(​userguide/kotlin_dsl.html#type-safe-accessors​) for plugins from such dependencies are available in the precompiled Kotlin scripts.
```
